so I looked on youtube like we could go
or something I saw that I actually have
real subscribers now so that means i'm
actually going to make interesting
videos sort of yeah anyway today I want
to talk about all of my piercing like
pain levels starting from the first
piercing I ever got the first first
thing i got was the normal lip ring and
I should didn't hurt at all I was like
13 had a little pinch I'd give it like a
two so she didn't really hurt and then
abruptly after that I got I think my
septum ring next and that was really
stupid like I got it done by a middle
schooler in a ditch and it hurt really
fucking bad like a seven and it was
completely crooked it bled a lot and
that shit was just like I don't even
think it's pierced in the right spot
like and it straighten itself out a
little bit so you can't really tell but
it used to be fucking just sideways like
the bitch pierced it like and then after
that I got my navel but I had to take
down out um that hurt like by it hurt
with the needle going in but as soon as
the ring was in it was just soared like
I take care of my piercings well I'll by
washing it with like antibacterial soap
so it didn't hurt for long at all and
then after that I got oh actually I got
my nipples pierced and that was a solid
nine that shit was fucking painful as
fuck I got the boat done
unprofessionally um I got one pierced in
a school cafeteria by a dude and the
other one pierced at my friend's house
by not dude and both of those hurt
really fucking bad equally
but I powered through it some big girl
and then after that I got on Tom and
that shit didn't hurt until after like
the actual needle going through was
roughly like a 24 somewhere like that
maybe three but afterward I would
probably scale that shit up to like a
six because it was really really sore
and like I couldn't talk I couldn't eat
and like whenever like the fucking bar
normal sized bar is too big for my
tongue already so imagine the extra long
bar they have to put in your tongue that
was like too much like a wouldn't lay up
right up and down it was always sideways
and it fucking like it slowed the
healing process by a lot like it
wouldn't heal and so I took it out and
put in a smaller bar and even that one
was still too long for my tongue so I
had to go to a piercing shop and get the
extra short one because I have a really
little tongue and the guy who pierced it
said I had the smallest tongue who's
ever pierced so yeah fucking whoop did
you and then for ear stretching it hurt
really bad at first because i used
tapers I've never really stretched with
anything else besides tape tapers and
dead sketching but I tapered straight
from a 16 to six in one day just shove
that shit right through and I did not
blow on my ear but that's still not a
good idea at all don't do that but I was
fine i just didn't I was an idiot I
didn't know that you're not supposed to
skip styles I was just like oh this is a
little taper I can fit it in my ear one
and then that hurt like a bitch so that
was seriously like an I'm like the same
as the nipple piercing and then and then
um but now since I'm a little bit
smarter I just stretch it straight after
i get out of the shower so my ear is
like really soft and like extra stretchy
and you don't even need lubricant when
you do that shit you just and doesn't
even hurt like at all whenever I went
from
aight up to the half's and i didn't feel
it like it felt like the plug just
bitten normal like that and i was like
damn she thought that before yeah i'm
already and then these issues they're
just normal like earrings but those kind
of hurt because i just stuck the fucking
ring in like without a needle just
popped it through my ear and I wouldn't
love a lot when I guess there's someone
but it hurt more than normal ear
piercing with like a gun or a needle and
now that I actually have like real
subscribers if you guys can comment
whatever the fuck you want me to make a
video about do it and I might make the
video but if I nope don't feel bad
you're you're a nice person yeah check